u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm2.c line 12: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm2.c line 21: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm2.c line 12: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm2.c line 21: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/guard2.c line 9: parse error
u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 14: Undefined variable 'fonxansword'

u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 23: parse error
u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 23: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm1.c line 3: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm1.c line 23: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm1.c line 23: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm7.c line 10: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/cow.c line 15: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/cow.c line 15: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/cow.c line 15: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm4.c line 8: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm4.c line 8: Illegal terminator
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm4.c line 8: Text block exceeded maximum length
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm4.c line 8: Illegal terminator
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm4.c line 8: Text block exceeded maximum length
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/farm4.c line 19: End of file in string
u/s/slency/slency_b.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/slency_b.c line 13: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/pontlevis.c line 7: Undefined variable 'HIW'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/pontlevis.c line 7: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty.c line 20: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty.c line 20: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/guard3.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/guard2.c line 38: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god2.c line 7: Undefined variable 'HIW'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god2.c line 7: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god2.c line 7: Undefined variable 'HIW'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god2.c line 7: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god10.c line 17: Undefined variable 'DOOR_CLOSED'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty.c line 2: Unrecognised # directive
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty.c line 7: Undefined variable 'HIW'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty.c line 7: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty.c line 2: Unrecognised # directive
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty.c line 7: Undefined variable 'HIW'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty.c line 7: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty3.c line 2: Unrecognised # directive
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty3.c line 7: Undefined variable 'HIW'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty3.c line 7: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty3.c line 19: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/royalty3.c line 19: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/pontlevis.c line 19: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/pontlevis.c line 27: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god2.c line 19: Undefined variable 'DOOR_CLOSED'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god2.c line 19: Undefined variable 'DOOR_CLOSED'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god1.c line 22: Undefined variable 'DOOR_CLOSED'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god1.c line 19: Undefined variable 'DOOR_CLOSED'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god2.c line 19: Undefined variable 'DOOR_CLOSED'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god2.c line 19: Undefined variable 'DOOR_CLOSED'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 19: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 35: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 19: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 35: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/pontlevis.c line 23: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: Undefined variable 'set'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 35: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: Undefined variable 'set'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 35: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/pontlevis.c line 23: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: Undefined variable 'set'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 35: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: Undefined variable 'set'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 35: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: Undefined variable 'set'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 18: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 35: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 19: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 35: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 19: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 35: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 28: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 28: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 28: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 28: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 28: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/wood10.c line 28: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/pontlevis.c line 18: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/underpontlevis.c line 28: Undefined variable 'this_player'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/cave1.c line 8: parse error
u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 25: Illegal to redeclare local name 'me'
u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 21: Undefined function arry_object
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: Undefined function up
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 24: $var illegal outside of function.
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 41: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 45: End of file in string
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 26: Undefined variable 'replac'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 26: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: Undefined variable 'ob'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: Undefined variable 'me'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 25: Undefined variable 'arg'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 25: Illegal LHS
u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 36: Illegal lvalue
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 22: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: Undefined variable 'adm'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: Undefined variable 'daemons'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: Undefined variable 'network'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: Undefined variable 'services'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: Bad argument 2 to '/': "string "
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 25: Undefined variable 'replac'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 25: parse error
u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 36: parse error
u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 49: parse error
u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 49: parse error
u/s/slency/npc/secretary.c line 31: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 23: End of file in text block
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 25: Undefined variable 'replac'

u/s/slency/area/ugelan/road9.c line 25: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 1: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 1: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 1: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 1: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 1: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 2: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 1: parse error
u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/obj/mapwood.c line 1: parse error
[Sat Jul 10 17:42:28 1999] u/s/slency/meetroom.c line 17: parse error

[Sat Jul 10 17:42:38 1999] u/s/slency/meetroom.c line 17: parse error

[Sat Jul 10 18:04:42 1999] u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/waiter.c line 17: parse error

[Sat Jul 10 18:04:42 1999] u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/waiter.c line 27: Illegal LHS

[Sat Jul 10 18:04:42 1999] u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/waiter.c line 27: parse error

[Sun Jul 11 10:49:41 1999] u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/liu.c line 128: Undefined variable 'who'


[Sun Jul 11 10:53:41 1999] u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/liu.c line 54: parse error

[Sun Jul 11 16:23:23 1999] u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/fanten.c line 113: parse error

[Sun Jul 11 16:23:23 1999] u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/fanten.c line 123: parse error

[Sun Jul 11 16:26:33 1999] u/s/slency/area/ugelan/npc/fanten.c line 115: parse error

[Sun Jul 11 17:17:13 1999] u/s/slency/area/ugelan/god1.c line 23: Undefined variable 'DOOR_CLOSED'


[Sun Aug  5 14:14:31 2001] u/s/slency_old/area/ugelan/road11.c line 17: Undefined function create_door before ;

